Chairperson, he will be here soon.
You pretended to be his old man and sneaked into this dinner party
Your old bones plus your presence in the sword bone
Even if you don't die, you have to wear broken skin
You guys are really blind. Why?
You don't mean to say
You are global
The chairperson of Huacan Group, the number one in market value.
You are the heir to Huacan Group
Yes, he is my heir
I'm so scared.
Please forgive me
It's that we never know too deeply
Don't you want to see
I will kneel down and beg for your forgiveness
Don't do it during the day
You pretend to be the chairperson
You pretend to be the heir
Tell you
If this were discovered, don't say it
The entire country of China will be stopped by your order for the time being
I don't need revenge at all
I am the chairperson of Huacan Group
This dinner tonight
Just to announce
Splendid was prepared as our heir
As for you, don't be frustrated
Kneel down and beg
Is to die
There will be no opportunity to cooperate with Huacan Group in the future